[Music]
so this is when you're just riding right
you're just rocking the 2015 and you
were just saying that you'd never win
the battle before yeah it seems like you
were pretty stoked
very much all winter we've been kind of
you know working to get the production
version done but also to finish the
prototype Lana we're hoping that you
know you're gonna be able to kind of
change this up a little bit you're
talking about doing something a little
bit more asymmetrical yeah we can do
whatever you want I mean you can you can
sketch it out and basically we're going
to try to you know you're gonna come up
with some ideas and maybe we'll do like
three or four different ones so they can
kind of talk about which one you want -
yeah I'd like to be able to not have it
as as wide in the back when I'm not ya
know and I'm not really worried about
that area anyway as much yeah I mean you
could do stuff like I mean you could do
you get crazy with it now like and go in
right come back yeah you take one with
chunks out of it sure you know you could
do you know you could be back or
something like right yeah it's gonna
come out sick I think we could get into
models I'm really happy with how this is
looking especially in the back with
these two angles right here cutting off
the wave I think will be super nice do a
little bit I mean it's not it's not a
huge issue but just making it yeah just
making it a little bit less bricky you
know yours are you're not getting rid of
this all this right yeah yeah it's gonna
be cool so basically now we're gonna cut
this we got you out yeah you took how
many runs on our new board you could
write it tomorrow yeah that's what I
think it's it's cool about this concept
it's like a platform to learn right we
have to learn what we like we have to I
mean learn how to do stuff like that do
stuff faster yeah you know turn the
stuff out quicker so that we can spend
more time writing new stuff that is
changes everything exactly now sick to
do it sick